{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh16380\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 | Column Header         | Survey Question                                                                 |\
|-----------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|\
| Age                   | What is your age?                                                               |\
| Gender                | What is your gender?                                                            |\
| Country               | What country do you live in?                                                    |\
| state                 | What US state or territory do you live in?                                      |\
| self_employed         | Are you self-employed?                                                          |\
| family_history        | Do you have a family history of mental illness?                                 |\
| treatment             | Have you sought treatment for a mental health condition?                        |\
| work_interfere        | If you have a mental health condition, does it interfere with your work?        |\
| no_employees          | How many employees does your company or organization have?                      |\
| remote_work           | Do you work remotely?                                                            |\
| tech_company          | Is your employer primarily a tech company/organization?                         |\
| benefits              | Does your employer provide mental health benefits?                              |\
| care_options          | Do you know the options for mental health care your employer provides?          |\
| wellness_program      | Has your employer ever formally discussed mental health as part of a wellness program? |\
| seek_help             | Does your employer provide resources to learn more about mental health treatment? |\
| anonymity             | Is anonymity protected if you choose to take advantage of mental health resources? |\
| leave                 | How easy is it for you to take medical leave for mental health reasons?         |\
| mental_health_consequence | Do you think that discussing a mental health issue with your employer would have negative consequences? |\
| phys_health_consequence | Do you think that discussing a physical health issue with your employer would have negative consequences? |\
| coworkers             | Would you feel comfortable discussing a mental health issue with your coworkers? |\
| supervisor            | Would you feel comfortable discussing a mental health issue with your supervisor? |\
| mental_health_interview | Would you bring up a mental health issue in a job interview?                 |\
| phys_health_interview | Would you bring up a physical health issue in a job interview?                |\
| mental_vs_physical    | Do you feel that your employer takes mental health as seriously as physical health? |\
| obs_consequence       | Have you observed negative consequences for coworkers with mental health conditions in your workplace? |\
}